First off, read the email titled 'Reasons that you should think I do actually like you (as a person and in general).' Then, once you’ve reminded yourself of that, read the rest of this.


I’ll be honest I'm terrible at expressing my feelings unless I've had time to write it down and talk it through with someone (usually Daphne). It’s one of my biggest flaws deffo, figuring out what to say after the moment’s passed. But here’s the truth: you’re one of a kind, Liv. Seriously, I’ve never met anyone like you.


You’re my safe person, and I’m scared of losing you. I have so many feelings for you, and sometimes I don’t know how to handle them. That’s why I pull away sometimes, or overthink things and make us argue (not proud of that). I know you forget things sometimes, but I remember every moment of us, and that’s why I want to be with you.


You make me feel things no one else does. When I talk to you, I still get butterflies, even when we’re talking about the most mundane things. When I see you, I’m still nervous that I’ll mess up or say something stupid. I love waking up and messaging you, even if it’s just to talk about nothing. You bring me so much peace, and I miss being able to cuddle with you and feel at home.


I know things can’t always be like that, and maybe it’s a coping mechanism, but it doesn’t change how safe I feel with you. I love doing nothing with you, but equally, I want to do everything with you. I remember back in 2023 when I replied to your email and thought, ‘What if I get to see her again and we become best friends?’ And it actually worked.


I love your sunburned selfies (because you look good), I love your little bit of ginger in your hair and the freckles that come with it. I even love how you get tired standing up! I love that you don’t remember our first kiss (though I do, and I remember how you smiled afterwards), and I love the way you deffo don't listen to a word I say cos you're staring at me too hard. I love how you make fun of my Brummie accent, and that you always want to be near me.


And maybe it’s too far, but sometimes, I imagine us getting married. If the tech and my salary allows for it one day we’ll have a bunch of kids with all sorts of conditions and a couple of pets I’m allergic to, but that’s how much I appreciate you. You’ve made me more soft than I ever thought I could be.


We argue yes, but not as much. It’s about adult stuff now. You’re handling life so well even though you think you aren't sometimes: your job, life in general, and you always make people feel special. You love deeply, even when you can’t find the words.


I’m lucky to have you, and don’t ever doubt that. You deserve to feel appreciated every single day. From the moment we met, you were a breath of fresh air. I remember those late-night Instagram messages and always taking the long way back to my bus or train just to spend a few extra minutes with you. I think I’ll always like you more than I probably should.


You’re my absolute rock, and you mean everything to me. I’m writing this to hold myself accountable, to prove that my actions match my words. I’ll always look after you, and we’re more than capable of being together. You make me want to be the best version of myself. I know I can love you well and treat you with the care you deserve. You’re the most amazing woman I’ve ever met.