I'm sorry it's not handwritten but I thought I better add this after yesterday. Please read this when you feel less "smothered" as I don't want it to have a negative effect. And I would never get this out speech wise even with my notes app.



I don't know when it happened but at some point you stopped being someone I "liked" and become someone that I chose/continue to choose regardless when it wasn't easy, when people were filling my head with shite, I was telling myself I'm checked out and I can't do it because I always seem to find my way back to you.
I know you, and I know and love so many things about you - like how you look when your concentrating on me, when you apologise for falling asleep(?????) and the fact you need to rub your face with a label in order TO sleep, or that you just get on with life even if you've had the shittiest day ever.




You still don't understand just how much you take up of my mind and all the things that remind me of you and I'm sorry if I have held it back because I was scared. I genuinely took "taking it slow" seriously and I know you're probably are used to me being over the top and probaby moving a lot faster and I'm sorry that I haven't I was really scared and I still am but it doesn't mean I don't want to. And I am genuinely sorry for dragging my feet and I know I was fixating on "oh but you posted this in october" and "oh we've only been seeing eachother 3 months" and kept using that as an excuse to keep my guard up. I think I fully felt "secure" around December/January. I know you'd never admit it but youre probably sick of me saying shit like that "oh nah its only been 3 months how could I trust you", its going to piss anyone off and I am reflecting on how that must have made you feel, especially when you gave me so much reassurance. No wonder you felt like we're getting nowhere fast. I think I was just thinking of any excuse to keep my guard up like I say. But its silly cos I wasn't gonna go anywhere either. There was no "hints" from my side that I wanted to move forward, so even if you wont admit it, I can guess it must be difficult to see us being together if all I'm doing is picking and picking. I think it would have been the same for anyone else though I just really struggle with trust, and I also take things literally to the point of autism (e.g. taking things slow = taking things slow). Nothing will put me off you, and we just need to both stop self-sabotaging and we have to work on the end goal at our own paces.
You don't have to be sure about us, because I don't even know what that means, but as long as youre sure about me, its good. This years been shit so far I have barely seen you and I take responsibility for that. 

BUT BECAUSE I KNOW YOU, I also know that you're distancing and trying to push me away. STOP. That's what happened in 2022, I kept pushing you away and then you couldn't do it anymore, which is fair. And i'm not doing that again cos it was the worst few years of our lives and equally, it would mean I haven't changed - which I deffo have. So thank you for pointing it out, and I can work on it.


Theres no forcing and as I said in our 20 mins at dirty martini, take space if you need it, just don't shut me out. It makes me upset. And if I come across as too much, tell me! I don't care all I care is that I chose you and not just the "normal" good day at work, low anxiety, un-tired version of you I mean all of you. And I know things haven't been easy lately/ I know you think we've taken steps back but we talk, and we tell eachother things. We will never always agree cos we are different people but aside from the other weekened we deal with things maturely and that's big growth. At the same time, I'm not here to convince you to be with me cos that's up to you. All I can do is be consistent and make you feel safe and I know I can do that. I just don't want you to get stuck in the mindset of "it'll never work we've tried 1000 times" because it's BS. I know you struggle to think I like you more than the "outside" but I do I always have and always will. You're worried we won't "work" - same :))) but we don't have all the answers, and what even is "work"? I know you're sure about me, or you would have told me to do one. I don't see you as stuck, or stagnant, and definitley not "clouded by how much you like/care for me" because speaking and being with me is a choice that you make. I see it as normal, and someone who is just trying to figure out what works for her - its something that needs to be worked on and we will have to work on it for the rest of our lives cos thats a relationship.


Being with you is so easy, and you can say "what if this, what if that" what if we just have something good and your my best friend who i want to fuck the shit out of at any given moment? There'll always be water under the bridge but it's under it and you're also tall and once I'm light enough I can just go on your shoulders if the water rises. You can't get rid of me that fast I'm like the garlic from last night.


You've told me how you feel and that you needed to tell me instead of shutting down and I believe that and I trust you. And I told you how I felt a few weeks ago (and have been telling you every 2 weeks for ages that I need more reassurance than a child which I apologise for) but overthinking won't do us good on either side. I jus want us to be open with eachother and spend as much time as possible and remind us of why we did this again in the first place and why we tried again because surely there is a reason. I am so sorry I dragged my feet and I know it feels stagnant sometimes but I just wanted to go slow. I hope youre okay xxx