Hey! Not sure if the request feature actually works... but yes. 

I know I bang on about proper communication and here I am communicating in code... but I am missing you so please don't think I'm doing this on purpose, it's just the only thing I can think of that might help. I don't want to waste more time, and do stuff with you but anyway, sorry I didn’t reply to your message—I’m not doing it to be nasty. I just need to give myself the time to figure out how I actually feel. If we talk about random stuff, it’s only going to cloud my judgment and won’t give you the space to think either. I guess I just don’t want to always be available because if I am, I’ll just keep feeling like that.

I felt really pushed away, and I know that wasn’t intentional, I know you were trying to protect yourself. But I was struggling a lot, and the only thing I knew to do was step back and make a clean break. 

I know that your dead anxious in general and that can make things feel 10x worse, but there’s genuinely no pressure and I'm sorry if "space" = pressure. If you’re reading this, then we’re both still here. And if we’re both still here, then the only way to make it different this time is to not repeat the same cycle. We've never done it "right" so whatever way we do it this time has got to be right.

It’s not you - I'm not ignoring you I just always think I can fix things ASAP, and that rarely works. In the past, we’ve gone back into it with a “let’s go slow” or “it’ll be different” mindset, but that just adds pressure. Then it goes well, you treat me well, I feel like I need to do X, Y, Z, which scares the shit out of you, you go down the spiral path "oh no we won't work" and then I chase, overcompensate, you pull away, and it turns to shit. I can’t chase anymore, we’re both figuring things out in our own way, and there’s no rush.

You said you felt stressed about making a decision or having an answer at some point. I'm sorry I made you feel like that cos honestly, you don't need an answer. The whole point of this space is to take that pressure off. I’m really trying to work on my own feelings too, to reflect on where I lack and what I need, because I still don’t have a clear answer either. I don’t mind if you still don’t know whether you’re in this for the long term cos that would be hypocritical of me to expect you to know exactly what you want.

If we both still like each other and want to be in each other’s lives, then it’s just about giving ourselves the chance to actually do that, because we won’t always have this chance. All I want to know from this space is that you want to know if we want to try—that’s enough! Because that’s all I’m trying to work towards, too. Theres no instant fix etc. I just need to know if you WOULD LIKE to try, rather than flip-flopping. No timelines etc and I also don't want you to panic over "what are we working towards" - us, but need to not flip flop to try to be sure (dunnno if tha makes sense).

And I also wanted to say how I feel about you isn't transactional or based on how much I see you or your mood or how anxious/un anxious / available you are, what you give/take - what I mean by that is, I don't expect you to be a certain way or feel a certain way (it doesn't effect how I like you). I wish you could see yourself through my eyes cos you wouldn't doubt yourself again and I think you do doubt your ability to be in a healthy relationship not to get deep. For me you're fine :)

And then either things will fall into place, and we’ll build it back up...... or they won’t lol. But for now I am just wanting us to get to a point of ok, I would like to try to try lol - thats the "goal" of the space. Then take it slow as fuck PROPERLY. No pressure. But ofc I am  being positive and trying because I want it to be you and me.

You might not feel it right now cos we're not talking, but you’re safe with me I want you to feel like that and you even said it. I just want us to learn each other and be good partners, and that takes time. I just want to be like "yeah me and Liv we're working on things and we're happy. piss off not ur business" :) I'm so sorry if you're annoyed at me I really did try to fix it but I couldn't do it so fast and I'm sorry I am communicating like this I know its ridiculous but it's what I can do right now I can't get too close. I think the "big future" scares us both and we're both scared of getting hurt so if we just focus on now and let shit happen it might be ok. If we talk on text when we're still at this point we won't get anywhere and I want to. Thanks for being patient with me I appreciate you so much.
