Sorry I didn’t reply to your message—I’m not doing it to be nasty. I just need to give myself the time to figure out how I actually feel. If we talk about random stuff, it’s only going to cloud my judgment and won’t give you the space to think either. I guess I just don’t want to always be available because if I am, I’ll just keep feeling like that.

I felt really pushed away, and I know that wasn’t intentional, I know you were trying to protect yourself. But I was struggling a lot, and the only thing I knew to do was step back and make a clean break. I’ve never done this before, usually, I’d just leave the country lol.

I know anxiety can make things feel all-consuming, but there’s genuinely no pressure and I'm sorry if "space" = pressure. If you’re reading this, then we’re both still here. And if we’re both still here, then the only way to make it different this time is to not repeat the same cycle. We've never done it "right" so whatever way we do it this time has got to be right.

It’s not you - I always think I can fix things ASAP, and that rarely works. In the past, we’ve gone back into it with a “let’s go slow” or “it’ll be different” mindset, but that just adds pressure. Then I feel like I need to do X, Y, Z, which scares the shit out of you, and then I chase, you pull away, and it turns to shit. But honestly, I can’t chase anymore, we’re both figuring things out in our own way, and there’s no rush.

You said you felt stressed about making a decision or having an answer at some point. I'm sorry I made you feel like that cos honestly, you don't need an answer. The whole point of this space is to take that pressure off. I’m really trying to work on my own feelings too, to reflect on where I lack and what I need, because I still don’t have a clear answer either. I don’t mind if you still don’t know whether you’re in this for the long term cos that would be hypocritical of me to expect.

If we both still like each other and want to be in each other’s lives, then it’s just about giving ourselves the chance to actually do that, because we won’t always have this chance. All I want to know from this space is that you want to know if you’ll try—that’s enough! Because that’s all I’m trying to work towards, too. I just need to know if you WOULD LIKE to try, rather than flip-flopping.

And then either things will fall into place, and we’ll build it back up...... or they won’t lol. But for now I am just wanting us to get to a point of ok, I would like to try - thats the "goal" of the space. Then take it slow as fuck PROPERLY. No pressure. But ofc I am  being positive and trying because I want it to be you and me.

You might not feel it right now, but you’re safe with me. I just want us to learn each other and be good partners, and that takes time. I just want to be like "yeah me and Liv we're working on things and we're happy. piss off not ur business" :) Thanks for being patient with me.
